Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I appreciate everyone coming out and praying with me.
I'm going to go over some of the things the Lord's been talking to me about and what my wife and I have been studying since Friday.
I am really looking inward and examining myself and making sure my thermostat's right.
I do it all the time.
But I was in prayer, and I felt a wall, and I said, "Lord, what's going on with me?
Can you help me out with some things?
I want to go from glory to glory, and I want to be a good leader for you, and I want to be more effective at the things you have called me to do.
I don't know how in the natural to do it without the Holy Spirit.
I need you.
" As I was praying that morning, my wife came in and said, "The Lord put this book on my heart by John Bevere.
We're not finished with the other one yet, but I feel like we're supposed to jump off of that one and read this one because of what I heard this morning in my spirit.
We haven't read this together yet, but we have it, and it's been sitting there.
We've read The Awe of God two or three times it seems.
" She brought this book out, and I can honestly tell you, I didn't know the man could write as well as he does.
It's another life-changing book.
You may say, "Brandon, that's an old book.
This is one of his first books he ever wrote.
" How could you have never read that before?
It's The Bait of Satan.
I am reflecting on being offended in these last days.
The scripture in Matthew 24 talks about how many will be offended, and the love of many shall wax cold.
Iniquity shall abound.
In Matthew 24, Jesus says, "And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another.
" Jesus said one of the major signs of the end times that we're supposed to be looking for is not with the unbeliever, but with the believer—people being offended and walking in offense.
Many will be offended.
That's one of the major scriptures he uses through this whole book.
As I was listening, I heard him ask the question, "Lord, am I offended at so and so?
" He didn't bring up the person's name, but it was somebody that was dear to him at one point in time, and the Lord said yes.
I started going over everybody in my Rolodex in my mind, asking if they have offended me.
I didn't realize until I started going over this book how many people I had a Rolodex list of keeping track of what they've done wrong and how they offended me through ministry, even what I've done in the last three years, not releasing it and carrying that.
I saw in the spirit a dam that looked like a beaver's dam; it looked like sticks, metal, and debris inside.
The Lord showed me this in the spirit when I was praying, and he said when you get that offense, that's what blocks the flow of the anointing and the presence on your life.
When you hold offense towards people and you don't let it go, it blocks the flow.
You have to forgive them as I have forgiven them.
If you don't forgive them, Brandon, I won't forgive you.
I had all these reasons of why I felt justified.
Well, they did this, they said this, they ran me down, they talked trash about me.
I heard it from another minister that told me they're saying this and that.
You hold all this hurt in your heart because people are mean.
The comment sections are mean and words hurt.
Emails hurt.
People are just being people, I guess.
But you take offense to some things.
The Lord showed me through this book, a healthy spirit doesn't get offended.
Diana and I have listened to the sermon series.
We've listened to it over the last three days.
This is our second time to listen to it now.
We listened to it all day today.
They had some new stuff that he's bringing out.
He was teaching some of it again.
The publisher said it was too much scripture in the book, and they wouldn't even publish it.
He gave up on it, was really down, and there was a lot of things that he tells through the stories of what he went through, the persecution and the offense of trying not to be offended right in the book about offense.
I'm going to tell you, I would say out of me telling you all what I feel, that every believer—and like I said, I don't know this man—I'm not trying to sell his books.
I don't push books.
I don't even write books.
I don't try to sell anything to anybody in the body of Christ.
I don't ask for nothing.
I'm just telling you what helps me.
If you say, "Well, Brandon, I think that book's trash," that's your opinion.
But I just wanted to tell you what was helping Diana and I.
As I started praying for those that have offended me, it hurt.
There's been a lot of people hurt me lately, big ministers.
And I walk away and you don't realize you've stuffed the offense down in there.
You're like, "I don't want to talk about them right now.
" And the Lord says, "You've got to let that go.
" "Well, I'm not offended.
" "Yeah, you are.
" The more I meditate on the word and what the Lord told us was coming in these last days, I don't want to be a statistic.
Many will be offended.
Not me.
I'm going to be healthy spiritually.
He used the example when he was preaching.
He had this big, muscular guy walk up and just shove him really hard, and it didn't really phase him that much.
But then he took a chair and he said, "If I take this chair and break that chair over his body, it will wound him.
It don't just hurt a little bit, but that will wound him.
" But he started talking about the more you go to the spiritual gym and you work out and you take care of yourself spiritually, the more you're able to take it.
He had a neighbor that was part of the WWE wrestlers, and they could take chairs and hit him upside the head.
But because he was so physically fit and so built like a rock, those chairs didn't bother him anymore.
I started thinking about that.
I've meditated on that all day long and yesterday.
I just felt like somebody was taking a piece of sandpaper and a Brillo pad and just rubbing me on the inside in my soul.
Same with Diana.
She cried, and she started praying for the people.
We did it as a family.
We took communion over it.
I have practiced it.
I'm telling you, I'm determined to go to the greater glory.
I'm determined to walk with him in a greater measure of the presence of God on my life than I ever have before.
I know that I have all kinds of things that I work out; we all do.
We are all a work in progress, but this is another phase that I have to really work on.
This is another phase that I realize that Brandon is really messed up here and I have to fix it.
Being jealous of other ministers, being able to hang out with other ministers and they are accepted in other crowds and you are not, and the Lord said, I did not want you in that crowd.
Well, I would like to hang out over there and be friends.
No, that is not what I want for you.
Well, I do not understand why they are accepted.
And then you take offense to not being accepted.
It all goes back to a lot of insecurities from going through school.
You are not at the popular kid table.
You are at the bullies, the bullies bully you.
I was bullied a lot in school and I had a lot of learning disabilities, and being a child that could barely read and do math and do all these things, I was in special ed all my life.
And being in special ed, every time we went to PE or any of those places, I was brutally picked on every day.
When you get to an adult level, I realize it is just like at school, that you are not a lot of times invited.
You may be a little different because you had special needs or whatever.
You can say whatever it is, it is like learning disabilities or whatever, and you are still not invited to the cool kid table, no matter how big the platform grows.
I ministered to, last week we ministered to three and a half million people just on this alone, and you think, well, that will get you into the cool kid table, and it is the offense and you walk in it, and the Lord said, Brandon, I did not call you to hang around them.
I need you to be you.
And in doing so, it will prove to be accurate.
There will be things that you say that I will tell you to say and it will help people and it will change the nations.
But it will take dying to self.
And the more you squirm, the more you realize you are not dead.
The more you are offended, it hurts.
The more you realize you are not dead.
And the same thing with my beautiful wife, rejection from family, rejection from things, it is very painful.
And she started going through her thing and she sat there and I said, My God, you are one of the strongest people I have ever seen in my life.
I can tell you she is one of my rocks other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
I rely on Diana a lot.
And so I try to bring these little things to you at the beginning really quickly because I do not want to waste a lot of your time.
But this book will help you if you walk in offense.
And you may say, Well, Brandon, I do not walk in offense.
Examine yourself because I did not think I did either.
And The Bait of Satan is a really good book.
I want to go over some of the things about anonymous.
I thought it was pretty interesting.
Now everybody said, Brandon, there is a lot of people you know that anonymous, that when he released that, whoever this man is, this anonymous, when I told you anonymous was going to release some kind of thing concerning the Epstein files in the days ahead.
You can show them Braden.
Which one?
You can show him that.
This one.
You got it.
Yep.
Devils walk this earth wearing human skin.
The Epstein files are proof of anonymous.
Some of these Epstein files are posted using links with wrong file types to them.
We have been correcting and analyzing these files, making them viewable.
We found hundreds of videos already.
Some are new, like these perspectives of Epstein Island and even the temple.
But these files do not just contain scenery.
They contain pieces of stories so horrifying and so disgusting they depict how these acts of evil were organized.
Recognize Deepak Chopra.
Yoga usually does not include touching or the need to redact a possible victim's face, but it also shows Epstein himself with redacted children on many instances, even on Epstein Island.
That is a cute picture because you cannot even see your face with all the hair in front of it.
We have discovered 3,097 files that need extensive reviewing and have already identified multiple people and locations around the world.
As we correct the file links every few days, we will upload to the link provided on this post.
We will need the help of you, the public.
If you see something you can identify in these files, tag us and let us know what you see.
If we can confirm it, we will update the file information with your help.
There are moments in human history where all must come together to prevent evil from impacting our communities and our children.
This is one of those moments.
We are working on a larger project for these files as well to help put the bigger picture of it all into perspective.
Your input on these files we are identifying will help us create this mega file.
Together we can shed light on this darkness, demand transparency and justice because without that then we are simply giving a free pass to the devils walking this earth wearing human skin.
And these devils prey on your children.
So stand up.
We are anonymous.
My name is Legion.
Expect Epstein file drops to update every few days.
Now, if we go back to whenever the Lord gave me the word and he said, you want to play it, the word that I gave.
Now, that man's post, whoever this anonymous man is, I saw him by the spirit of God, and I never tell what he looked like, but I saw him.
And so I always hide those things because I protect these people, and I do not want to put myself in danger either.
I am talking about the leader.
But the Lord shows me certain things and he will allow me to see it to pray for them.
I believe we are to pray for that man.
They call himself Legion.
People freaking out about that.
Legion.
Well, Legion does not mean devil.
Legion is a number from what I understand because I told, I told Diana, I said Legion is many.
That was in the Mad Men of Gadara and that was I was thinking, well that is really demonic, but Legion is a number from what I understand, because Diana and Braden was trying to help me with it, because I was like this dude is evil, but I started praying for him because it sounded like, because he is calling them devils and the things that he is saying and I know that is probably AI, that is probably not even the real, a unit of three to six thousand men is an ancient Roman army is called a legion.
So it has nothing to do with demons.
So I think that is why we automatically label everything as a devil behind every bush.
But I was trying to, when I was praying over what the Lord had showed me about this.
Now is the word spot on what God showed me?
No.
I saw a ransom of $40 million.
He did not mention nothing about $40 million, but the Lord said, Go by what he said, post it.
I want them to hear it.
Okay.
This is just raw.
This is raw.
Yeah.
So, you do not have to.
This is February 1 of what the Lord showed me about this anonymous man.
I saw anonymous.
It was painted before my face and a word and I saw another mask anonymous.
But I saw this individual that was a hacker, a computer hacker that was some kind of elite computer hacker group that the Lord said that they would get in the days ahead, this kind of hackers were going to get some kind of secret information concerning like Epstein list stuff to expose darkness in major arenas and they wanted a ransom, big money, over $40 million is what I was shown, big bucks, but they did not get.
Now I do not hear anything about that, that is why I want to say was the word spot on.
I said anonymous was going to do things about Epstein files and this is coming.
Now will there be a ransom in the days ahead concerning these elites?
I do not know.
We need to watch and find out but as of right now that word is not all right.
So, but I saw a ransom of $40 million in the vision.
And so I thought it was very interesting because I saw elite basketball players and Hollywood movie stars and politicians that would be exposed at a greater level in the days ahead with great embarrassing moments.
And one of them ran for president here.
I heard her say, I shouldn't have even run for office because of things that will be exposed in the days ahead.
I saw people of color and people of different ethnic backgrounds.
There were not a lot of Caucasians.
I saw them being very enraged at some of the things that would be released.
They said, We have been played.
I have the video.
You can hear what I said.
I do not always put everything out with words like that because I am the furthest thing from racist, and I always try to protect people's feelings.
We are all a body of Christ.
I do not look at people by a different skin color, but I am going to tell you that is what I saw.
People with dark skin were very upset.
I want you to hear the rest of this.
This is the beginning of what is coming out, and there will be more things exposed than people realize.
This is about to get really ugly.
I truly believe this has the potential.
What did the Lord say about 2026?
When we were praying, he said it will be a year of political theater.
Great political theater will be in 2026 for distractions leading up to the elections in November for the midterm.
I said, We have a great opportunity to lose the Senate.
We will keep the House by just a few.
But I saw that we lose the Senate and it flips blue.
So the Lord said, If you do not pray like you did for President Trump to win last November.
Was it not last November?
Two years.
It is over a year ago.
Time goes.
This is the midterm.
This will be a very serious time.
We will continue to pray, but I want you to hear the rest of the word.
I am always transparent.
I have nothing to hide.
But they did not get what they wanted.
Then I saw major key sports figures, huge people.
I saw the Lakers.
It was very bold.
I saw the colors that were connected to this darkness.
I saw key figures with the Lakers, past and present.
Musicians that are here and some that are not.
The Lord said this has been going on since the foundation of America and it is underground.
He said the darkness that is being exposed will expose generations.
This is going to be what we would call a new Edward Snowden in the days ahead that will even leak things out of the Vatican.
I saw file cabinets that lined a hall that held generational records of sex abuse and things that were buried in the Vatican that they did not want out.
The Lord said, Remember what I warned you?
1 Corinthians 5:5 will come to its full manifestation.
The harvest will come to its full manifestation in 2026.
You are going to see great ministers exposed.
Dark things will come out on social media and in their personal lives.
Things that people have tried to keep quiet.
There will be a cleansing of my church.
It will not just be in the charismatic realm of influence.
This will be in every denomination.
It rains on the unjust and the just.
You are going to see an exposing.
This is 1 Corinthians 5:5 coming to full fruit.
What we are seeing with this, and then we are seeing stuff in the church.
The Lord said, You will see things with the church.
You will see big churches.
I saw churches in California.
I saw TV stations.
I saw mega ministers that would be on the platform and would be no more.
They would have to resign because of sin that was buried.
The Lord said, I am cleansing my house.
2026 will be a year of cleansing.
For I am cleaning up my church.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
That is the scripture for the year 2026.
I am cleaning my church.
But it will not just be about the church because judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And he said, Because of this, I will also clean the world, and you will start to see the manifestations of it in 2026.
So, we see more about 3 million Epstein list video photos and Bill Gates and all these other people.
Allegedly, I do not want to say anybody did anything until there is actual palpable proof.
I am not going to get involved in that because it gives you people slander.
But I am going to tell you there is a lot of names and that is part of what I believe 1 Corinthians 5:5 of what the Lord told us.
I believe with all my heart because the Lord said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
I am cleaning up my church.
I am cleaning up the bride to bring her to my side.
There is a shaking to awaken.
In this, you will see a great shaking to awaken because the church is asleep.
There is too much charismatic flakiness.
There is too much corruption in the money.
There is too much corruption in the Hollywood church.
The Lord said, I am cleaning it up and I am raising up new Davids and new Esters.
I am going to raise up new backbone Christians that are nobodies.
And they will seemingly come out of nowhere.
Where did this guy come from?
Where did she come from?
They just try to have a voice that is magnified.
It will happen overnight.
You will see people, he said, they will be on the platform preaching and they are going to fall over dead in the middle of their sermons like Ananias and Sapphira.
The glory will come in and they will go.
I saw them dying right there.
In the visions and the times I prayed, the Lord said, I am done.
I am done with how people have treated the church and they try to treat it like the money changers.
I am tired of them treating and doing things the way they have done it.
I am going to do it all different.
There is going to be a glory and there is going to be a cleansing of my house.
I am going to put people in there that will preach repentance and holiness.
They are going to bring it back into my church.
It is not going to be church as usual.
It will be church unusual.
You are going to see ministers that have mega ministries that will go home suddenly.
Not all of them, he said, it is by judgment or a cleansing.
Some of them, it is just time for them to come home.
But I am going to raise up.
He said, there is no such thing as nepotism in my body.
The anointing, just because you are a son or a daughter of that individual, does not mean it automatically transfers on you.
It is by refining fire.
You have a treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of you.
Just because I might be a cousin or a daughter or a son to this big major mega minister does not mean that I am qualified.
Qualification comes through refining.
I am going to bring up people that seem to be, like I said, that came out of nowhere.
But this is what he is trying to get across.
You have got to get offense out of your heart.
If you want me to use you greater in these last days, you have got to pray for those that despitefully use you and come against you.
Repent.
Do not hold a grudge towards your brother or your sister anymore.
And I said, Lord, they are rude.
They hurt me.
I'm bullied.
I'm bullied as an adult and I'm bullied as a child.
Get bigger.
Get stronger.
Go to the spiritual gym.
A healthy soul doesn't get offended, son.
That's unhealthy.
Let it just bounce off you like water off a duck's back.
Keep marching, boy.
Pray for them.
Love on him.
I had every reason, he said, to take offense to all.
Look at the disciples.
They all deserted him when he was being crucified, other than one.
Peter denied him all them times and looked like a total jerk.
I don't know him.
Never did.
He walked with him for three years.
Walked with him.
Was his friend.
Ate dinner with him every night.
Slept by him at a campfire looking at the stars.
Knew whenever they had to have a bathroom break.
Where's Peter?
Oh, he had to go to the bathroom.
They knew each other.
Jesus had every right to be offended at Peter, but he took no offense.
Even whenever he came up there and presented himself to him after he came up out of the grave, doubting Thomas was still questioning it.
The glory of the Lord had to have been there.
He's in his glorified body.
Doc Tom still can, I don't know if that's you.
Is that really?
Are you kidding me?
But he was patient with him.
He could have been offended at that, but he didn't.
I search myself.
I told Braden, I said, if I do anything on this channel, I search.
I just want to strip myself of everything, of all ego and all pride, of whatever I've got to do to get closer to him.
Whatever it takes to walk by him.
I realize that you're going to get persecuted by all kinds of big YouTubers.
People just come out and just run you ragged, tell you you're false and you don't hear God.
You know what?
They may be right.
I might have missed it.
I don't want to be a person who defends myself.
John says in this book that Jesus stood before the judge before all of them and they were accusing him and ridiculing him and he spoke nothing out of his mouth to defend himself.
No matter how much mudslinging there was, Jesus didn't defend himself.
And they were making all kinds of claims of everything.
And he could have said, you every one of y'all liars up in here, but he didn't say nothing.
He took no word to it.
He could have defended himself.
The glory of God could have knocked them all out right there and judged them all right there dead.
But he didn't.
They ripped out his beard.
They punched him in the face.
They put a crown of thorns on his head.
They beat his back with rods.
They whipped him.
They did all kinds of things.
But he didn't say anything to defend himself.
And that happens to me a lot.
You said this about Trump.
You said his life was in danger.
You're a false prophet, Brandon.
You missed it.
I pray for the man.
The Lord came.
He stood right here.
Said, you need to pray for him.
And I'm holding the church accountable.
His life is in danger.
You must pray for him.
And I can even tell you what the man looks like that tries to hurt him, very great detail.
But am I human and can I miss it?
Yes.
I'm just Brandon.
But it tries to get, when you hear these big people, big names run you down, it hurts.
And I'm telling you, offense tried to rise up big inside of me.
I said, oh God, I don't want it to fit.
I want to be like you.
So, I'm trying to tell you all what I try to practice, and I may not be that good at it.
But, I'm trying.
I'm a work in progress.
It is what it is.
That's just what he said.
And this blessed me.
So going over this book with my wife, I just thought, what does it take?
What does it take to get to the end of this and him say, Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
What does it take to get to the end of it?
And him look at me and say, Enter into my rest.
You did it.
Not depart from me.
I never knew you.
When I was trying to play church, trying to play Hollywood, all of people's opinions change like the weather.
Oklahoma weather.
It's cold here one minute and it's hot the next.
You don't ever know what you're going to get when you wake up the next day.
And that's the way people are.
Who cares?
And that's what's happened to stripped me off.
Just like the Lord said, die to it.
Die to it.
Don't let it affect your health.
We all have sinned and come short of the glory.
I repent just like you do every single day and I say, God, help me.
I need you.
I can't do this without you.
Search me and know me.
Use me in these end times to be that light in the darkness that when people see me, they see you.
Because I'm attracting to deflect.
I'm going vertical.
I stay vertical with you.
I keep my eyes on a holy God because I'm flawed and I'm saved by your grace, Lord.
And I'm a work in progress.
But my goodness, I've got a long ways to go.
So, I think one of the things I like I said, you don't realize you're dealing with it until the Lord points it out to you.
Said, Brandon, you got offense.
You got to work on that, too.
And I say, Ah.
So, I bring it to you.
It's not real.
It's pretty raw.
It's not real cooked, you know, until I can't teach it yet.
But one day I want to have this down so much inside of me that I'll be able to teach it better than the author.
You know, I just say help me because I believe this man really has something here.
And I want to go from glory to glory, y'all.
I want to be just like him, Jesus.
Does that make sense?
Does that help you?
I hope it does because I'm telling you, we all got stuff we're going through.
Do you want to play the rest of that word?
Yeah, you can.
I mean, because I don't, like I said, to be transparent, this is what I said February 1st.
Play it and then let's pray.
Darkness that's coming that will be exposed through things that have been buried even in the Vatican.
And there's things that will be brought to light.
That's what the Lord said.
I don't know how a hacker could find all that.
It's me in my natural mind.
I try to wrap my mind around what the Lord's saying.
And it's probably not a healthy thing to do, but I, you know, because this is me.
I see the vision, what the Lord's given me, and I go, Whoa, how even worse than what's been exposed this last two days with Bill Gates and the Russian girl and all that stuff and the things that were said on there and the emails and his wife and all that.
That's very humiliating.
It is.
It's very humiliating.
It's pretty gross.
You know, you saw all the oil tankers headed toward Europe and there was a lot of people trying to watch the planes and the flight patterns and all that.
If you go back to what the Lord said before we pray, if you go back to what I told you, what I saw in the last vision of the gecko, it wasn't Elon Musk I was seeing in there.
There were so many of you question who's the gecko.
It's not Elon Musk.
I said Elon Musk presented himself at that time as a rat.
Not a gecko, not a lizard, not a chameleon, not someone that is very good with their words.
Now, do I think Elon Musk is not good with his words?
I don't know.
I mean, he comes across pretty intelligent, but not like somebody else does.
But I saw a lizard at this person that was whispering in Trump's ears and he had his full attention.
And I saw Rubio in the office concerning the Spanish, the Mexican people and the Cubans.
And I saw a flag that was moving like this that Cuba was on bottom and the Mexican flag was on bottom.
And they were trying to merge together in some way, but they were transparent and they were moving upon the water.
Excuse me.
I saw Claudia with her back toward Cuba.
People said, Brandon, you said you saw Claudia be removed in the days ahead.
I said, Yes, with a man that looks like Antonio Banderas that is a conservative.
But the Lord specifically said Claudia will be removed in the days ahead and another person will come if the church will pray.
It was conditional.
There is going to be a shaking in Mexico in the days ahead.
He said, remember there will be great things starting to take place with the cartel.
Does anybody remember that?
I have the videos in there.
Things will start to shake.
I said, Watch for they will try to bring forth guerilla warfare from Cuba against the Trump administration and our troops that are occupying Venezuela and their oil fields.
And when this happens, they will come out of Colombia and Brazil and they will rise up as guerrilla and they will threaten the cartel.
I have been overcoming a virus and I have gotten a lot better.
I saw guerrilla warfare coming against our servicemen and women on the ground in Venezuela.
But I saw it coming against Claudia.
Remember things would start to happen and I saw America be involved in this concerning Rubio.
A shaking was going to take place in Mexico.
This was back at the first of the year in January.
I gave these words and I told you all what was coming and I said all these things are about to uncover.
And I saw the man in Cuba, Castro guy in a bunker in the side of a mountain facing America.
And I saw it in the side of a mountain.
There was a bunker and it was in the middle of the thing.
And I saw this guy hiding.
This guy right here, Braden can show him.
Miguel Diaz-Canel.
Yep.
Is that right?
Yeah.
He was hiding in a bunker and he was trying to make it where they could not get to him.
And I saw African American men with big guns surrounding it.
And it was one way in and one way out.
And there were old looking wires and antennas all over this place.
And it was really strange everything I was seeing.
So I saw them in retaliation, the drug cartels in retaliation trying to put devices on cruise ships.
Does anybody remember that?
I saw them putting devices on cruise ships and boats, little inflatable boats trying to put something on it.
It looked to me that it was some kind of device that was stuck and they were going up in the night trying to go up next to the cruise boat.
And I thought it was interesting.
So, I have prayed over that.
We have all prayed over these things.
Have we stopped that?
I believe we have.
We could have.
I am not going to sit there and say no.
I believe prayer changes things.
That is the whole point of the channel.
That was on what day was that, son?
I think it was December something.
Yeah, he is looking at the Chinese channel.
Oh yeah.
Do you remember the thumbnail?
I like that thumbnail.
You should have put that in the American show.
That is actually cool.
December 6th.
December 6th, we told the word about that.
December 6th is when I saw that in the spirit.
It is with my wife and I.
So, we see what is going on with that guy getting taken out, one of their head people, and they are retaliating and they are taking hostages.
They are trying to take American hostages and they are trying to do all this craziness in Mexico right now.
I believe this is the beginning of the flip of Claudia in the days ahead.
I believe Claudia's days of being the leader of Mexico could be coming to an end soon.
And I pray they are.
And I would pray that this new leader, this Antonio Banderas model looking guy, he looked very sophisticated.
He looked very handsome the way he carried himself.
He was a very clean-cut man.
And I pray for the Mexican people that this would happen for them.
A very good leader.
A good leader.
I saw the same thing coming for Cuba and a major revival coming out of Cuba.
I saw a major revival coming for Venezuela, Brazil, Colombia, and all these areas of a major harvest of souls.
So I am still standing with the Cuban people.
I am standing with the Venezuelan people that they will have a major revival and this will be the window and the door of opportunity for a major something happening.
We are seeing it as I was in the spirit.
As I was in the spirit, I saw the third temple being negotiated with MBS in the days ahead.
I also saw our new ballroom being completed and it was beautiful.
It truly was.
Trump does a really good job on it, whoever is working on it, the designers, the architect of that, it is going to really make the American people proud.
It is a really beautiful ballroom.
What I saw in the spirit, an actual you see designs or whatever people talk about, but I am talking it looks beautiful on the lawn, it is something to be seen.
I saw it in the vision and I saw the negotiations of the third temple.
I saw the groundwork starting to be done and I also saw them starting to build on the Gaza, looked like steel structures on one end only.
It was all down at the one end.
And I saw them starting to build steel structures.
It was not like 2x4s like we would build a house here in America.
These were steel looking buildings like steel structures.
You know, we may have that in New York City, but I am talking about when you build a house here, a lot of people use 2x4s and concrete blocks and cinder blocks and stuff, but this looked like steel beams coming up out of a desert looking like sand.
Folks, all I know is that Jesus Christ is coming.
And when we look at all the things that are happening right now on the earth and the signs of the times of these last days, I am telling you, he is coming sooner than what we realize.
Sooner than later.
So, I have talked way too long.
Let us take communion and pray.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your body.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you have done for us.
Lord, we are thankful that you died for us and you rose again on the third day.
Lord, by your stripes, we are healed.
We do not have sickness in our bodies.
We believe, Father, that we are redeemed from the curse of the law according to Galatians.
And I thank you, Father, that I do not have to walk in sickness.
I do not have to walk in disease.
I do not have to walk in poverty.
I do not have to walk in lack because Jesus Christ paid the price for me to walk in victory.
Now I receive that victory by faith.
Lord, I receive it right now in the name of Jesus.
I take what belongs to me.
I do not need to bear what you took it all.
I do not need to take it.
I do not need to have that in my body anymore.
And I thank you, Lord, right now.
I am redeemed from it and I have taken it by faith and we are healed and whole and well in Jesus name.
Thank you Lord for the blood Lord.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we thank you Lord for the blood of Jesus.
And we cover ourselves in the blood and we apply the blood.
And Father I thank you Lord that it never loses its power.
That the moment I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood and it applied to our life.
We apply it to my children.
We apply it to my finances.
We apply it to the ministry.
We apply it to everything we put our hands to, it will prosper because you are with us.
And goodness and mercy are following us.
And we believe, Father, it is running us down.
We are so good.
You are so good, Lord.
And your mercy endures forever.
And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we apply the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, that everybody that is here tonight all around the world, they are watching all over the place.
I thank you, Father, that there is an expiration date for what they have been believing for.
No matter how big it seems, no matter how little it is, it could just be a hangnail.
Who knows?
But all I know is that Jesus Christ made it where they can have victory over every circumstance in their life.
We thank you, Lord, that tonight is the beginning of a great turnaround in their finances.
There is a great beginning of a great turnaround in their marriages, in their health, in their minds.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
You say, Well, Brandon, that is not the way we do communion at church.
Well, that is the way Brandon does it.
I do not try to mock everybody else.
I just want to be me and be with Him.
Be authentic.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Stop trying to play church.
Be real.
Strip yourself down.
Say, Hey, here am I, Lord.
Use me.
And He will do it.
If I look at all the times whenever I say some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
I messed the scripture up.
It is God who brings forth the increase.
And if God can use Brandon, He can use you.
I said, man, I mess up the scriptures, but is that not amazing?
If God can use Brandon, He can use you.
Some plant, some water, and God, He brings forth the increase.
Not some bring forth the increase.
But that is just me, you know?
Is that not wonderful though that He can use you despite all that?
You do not have to be perfect for Him to use you and say, Well, he knows the Bible a lot.
Like a scholar, like some Rick Renner or somebody that knows it really well and knows the Greek and everything.
He will just use you right where you are, a janitor, and He will say, Go on YouTube in front of thousands of people and tell them, I am coming.
And I say, Okay, I will do it.
Some plant, some water, and God, He brings forth the increase.
Not man.
He does not.
They do not do it.
He will use us to do it, I guess.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over me.
And I thank you, Lord, that there is no demonic spirit that talks to me, I hear you.
In a stranger's voice, I will not follow.
If you want to show me anything, Lord, if there is anything that I can do to help you tonight, I yield myself to you.
I humble myself underneath the mighty hand of God, and in due time you said you would exalt us.
And I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus is covered over my eyes and that I hear and I see anything and everything that you want me to see and hear.
And Father, I will not be interrupted by any demonic spirit.
I bind witchcraft, incantations, chants, voodoo off this house, any spell, anything they try to throw at me while I am doing it.
I take authority over you in the name of Jesus and it falls to my feet and some have returned back to you double.
And I thank you, Lord, that the angels, just like you sent me Big George last time.
Lord, I thank you, Lord, that Big George is here tonight.
People say, Who is Big George?
I have an angel and I see him periodically.
I do not see him all the time, but I have seen him more often than any other angel I have seen.
But he will never tell me his name.
So I said, I am going to and I do not talk to it.
You know, I always give God the glory and I know because he is beholding the face of Jesus, but he is watching over us.
And so, he never has told me his name.
So I just told my kids one day, I said, You know what?
We are going to name him Big George.
And so it just stuck.
So anytime I tell you I see Big George, he is my angel.
And I have called him Big George ever since.
He has huge fingers.
Huge sausage fingers.
His hands are massive.
And his hands are huge and they look like they can squash your head like a grape.
That is how big.
I am so glad that God has given his angels to keep charge over us.
And when we were being messed with last broadcast, God sent Joy.
I saw him.
He is standing right there.
Stood right by my son protecting both of us while we were doing this broadcast.
I know the Lord, the angels are always there.
But it sure makes you feel good in the natural whenever you are coming up for spiritual warfare and you see him there.
Kind of like how the big angel stood right here and he had that opal shield and he had that fiery sword in his hand and he every time he said, I have a message for you from the Almighty Father, and he spoke the message to me, but the moment he spoke the message he looked to the Father and the glory of the Lord filled our house that night and he kept standing there and he would praise the Lord.
He was talking to us, but every time he would say what he was supposed to say, he always looked to the Father.
He was not just a Rambo doing his own thing, looking around, doing all this.
He was looking to the Father.
He was never moved.
Now, I know people say, Well, I see this angel and they are doing this and they are doing that.
That for whatever thing I have ever seen is they are always giving Him praise.
It is like the chain-link angels are walking outside my house and those demons were trying to get in.
They were always worshiping the Father.
They do not have an agenda of their own.
When they are sent as ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation, they are helping us, but they are beholding Him.
So I get I have a real hard time all the time with people saying this angel is doing that and he is over here playing around.
He is doing that.
No, I do not believe it.
They behold the face of the Lord.
I have seen every time they are looking at Him and the glory of God is all over them and they shine with Him because their face is toward Him and they are looking to His throne.
Even when they are working and doing things, they may be on assignment.
They will speak to you and they will say it, but every single time they are finished, they are looking at Him.
That is what we should be doing, looking at Him.
They are always going vertical.
They do not go horizontal.
The angels of the Lord go vertical.
They are looking at Him.
Why?
Because they know who is boss.
The devil is full of pride.
The devil is always looking.
They are the ones that are trying to seek whom they can devour.
They are doing all that because they are not looking to Him.
So, be careful.
You may be entertaining a devil and you do not even know it.
Who beholds the face of the Lord?
Our angels do.
They look at Him.
He is worthy to be praised, ladies and gentlemen.
They may have an assignment and they may speak to you and they may have a message from the Lord, but it is always to give Him glory and always to give Him honor and always to give Him praise.
It is not weird.
So, I felt anointing all over when I said that.
It came all over my ears.
When that cloak comes on me, it comes on and I feel my ears turn like matchsticks and they burn like fire.
And whenever He starts to talk to me and it comes on my head and it feels like fire, I feel like fire shut up in my bones.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
We are so we worship you, Father.
You are so worthy.
I do not know if I should sing a song, but I think sometimes because I look for Him because of what it is in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty.
Mighty Prince of Peace.
Troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace, troubles vanish.
Hearts are mended in the presence of the King.
We worship you and we magnify you.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
The elders and angels bow.
The redeemed they worship you now.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
The elders and angels bow.
The redeemed they worship you now.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
I feel the brush of angel's wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
I can feel it.
I can feel the brush of angels' wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely.
Holy Spirit.
If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
Place it at your feet.
We sit at your feet.
And there's so many people with so many needs tonight, Father.
There's so much going on in our world, Father.
There's so much governmental corruption.
There's so much going on.
You know about every bit of it.
But we just take the time just to sit at your feet.
I'll have no other for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone here in your arms.
I'll always be at rest in your precious love you have for me.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
I'll have no other for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
I love you.
Oh, how I love you.
I have no other for I'll love you only.
I'll never forsake you or leave you alone.
I thank you, Father, that you'll never leave us alone.
I thank you, Lord, that you love us.
I thank you, Lord, despite all the things that we go through.
You've never left us and you've never forsaken us.
You said you'd be with us always.
Lo unto the end of the earth, I'll be with you always.
Your ever-present help in a time of need.
And Father, tonight we just sit at your feet.
We just love you.
We worship you.
We praise you and we adore you for you are soon coming king.
Thank you, Father, that you become so real to the people watching right now that you invade their house with your presence.
For in your presence there's fullness of joy, joy unspeakable and full of glory.
We magnify you.
We magnify you, Lord.
Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Jesus loves me.
This I know.
For the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
The Bible tells me so.
Jesus loves me.
This I know.
For the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Thank you, Father.
Don't you like that?
I like it whenever you sing those songs like that.
They're just simple like a child and the glory comes.
Oh Father, we see the glory.
We feel the glory come down.
See the glory.
See the glory come down.
Hosanna.
I see it out of the throne.
I see it looks like liquid love flowing out of it.
Almost like honey with sparkles in it.
And it's running down the steps.
Oh Father, let it fall on me.
Let it fall on them, Lord.
You see, this is what changes you from the inside out.
It's going from glory to glory.
It changes you from the inside out.
Father, we worship you.
Whatever is on your heart.
Lord, open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
The things you're about to see, he's saying concerning these false alien visitations.
There's going to be a lot of you that are snared by this.
There's no such thing as aliens; I'm going to tell you this.
This is fallen angel stuff, demonic spirits.
They're sent to deceive you.
This has to do with Nephilim.
This has to do with dark things.
As the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Think about what was going on in Noah's time.
And I've told you what the Lord warned me about countless times about flying saucer looking demonic things that would come up out of the sky and deceive the nations and they'll hold up signs saying welcome ET and all this weirdness but it's going to be a great distraction, fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
You need to know there's going to be alien files released on a wide scale that's going to freak people out that our government and other governments in the past have tried to hide and the Smithsonian and things of artifacts and demonic things.
And I'm telling you, it will try to deceive the nations.
But this is just ancient angelic fallen angel technology stuff.
Tablets that are in the ground.
Archeological discoveries are coming.
Things that will be brought up out of the ground that's going to shock and awe people.
Some of it will give more validation, as what I want to call it, to the Bible.
Well, the Bible stands alone.
It don't need to be validated.
But the world needs a lot of times a sign.
They have to see to believe.
Well, this is just an old book.
No, this book is this book this is all that there is.
This is it.
Thank God for the Bible.
But there's a lot of people unless they have a sign, they're not going to believe.
But God's coming after even those that need something, creative miracles, signs and wonders in these last days.
And that's what I'm seeing right now.
I saw again when I was praying some kind of blue looking light, some kind of demonic looking blue light that will start flying in the sky to deceive the people and it will be the size of a car and people are going to be tripping out over this.
They're going to say, ET, what is this?
I warn you that this is demonic stuff.
It goes with the signs of the times.
Fearful sights that you will see that will bring you to your knees.
A shaking to awaken.
Signs in the heavens.
Remember he said five major shakings.
And the earth and the crust with the sky signs in the heavens, with finances, with politics and with the church.
Five major shakings were coming.
And the shaking in the sky is going to be asteroids, meteorites, whatever alien false things.
And it's going to shake the nations, folks.
They're going to try to explain away the rapture of the church.
What did I tell you the antichrist will say when I was taken to tribulation?
He stood there and he told everybody the Christians and the people that were taken, the people that were the ones who were in rebellion.
The people that are missing are in rebellion.
The aliens, the aliens came and got them.
They have to have an alibi.
What happened?
Where did they all go?
So, you're going to start to see stuff and I keep seeing it.
People say, Is it project blue beam?
I don't know.
I just know this is going to be it's going to look very real.
Whatever this is is something very real.
I'm looking for a tangible experience that won't be explained away by AI and people go, that was AI.
No, a lightning storm is not AI.
Something big.
And I saw it over the Vatican and I saw it over the Mayan temples and I saw and there were like mother ships, major something.
And I'm telling you now I'm seeing even more about this.
Get ready.
Don't be deceived about what's about to happen.
Don't be deceived.
A lot of people are going to run right to it.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Father, that they're strong and they have a backbone.
You said in your word, man's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth, looking at all this change, looking at all this stuff, they're going to go, Oh my gosh.
And their hearts will fail them for fear.
What is going to scare them so much that they'll have a heart attack looking at it with earthquakes, with volcanoes, for these are the beginning of sorrows.
We're in the beginning of sorrows.
We're there from September the 23rd of this last year.
He said this is the point of no return as labor pains upon a woman.
He said labor pains don't get better.
People keep prophesying and saying things are going to get better.
We're going to have a moment of glory.
We're going to do all this stuff.
I believe with all my heart we're going to see the glorious church do all this.
Labor pains don't get better; they get worse.
Ask my wife.
Ask your wife if you have children.
They don't get better as labor pains upon a woman; they get worse and worse and worse.
Now, can we have the glory and the struggle?
Yes, you can.
You can operate underneath the glory and still have nonsense going all around you.
The church is going to rise out of pressure like an olive press.
The Lord said, "Brandon, it's going to be like an olive press crushing those.
" And the glory comes refining.
Father, we worship you tonight.
Now, Father, we lift up our president before you right now in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, for him.
I thank you, Father, for President Trump.
We lift him up before you that there are angels in the front, in the back, and on his sides.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, Father, that he hears you concerning our nation and he's not listening to lizards.
He's not listening to demonic people that have a reptilian spirit.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he hears you and godly counsel is put around him in the name of Jesus.
And Father, that he wouldn't have pride.
If he's wrong, let him be quick to repent and go on the right road, not go down the wrong road just because he thinks it's right.
Let him be led by your spirit, Lord.
Humble him underneath your mighty hand.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that out of any president we've ever had that I've known of, Father, he is more Christian-friendly.
And I thank you, Lord, that you bless him tonight.
Give him a good night's sleep, God.
Give him a good night's sleep.
Father, I thank you that his marriage is better than it's ever been.
And Father, it's not arranged and she's not sticking around until after the presidency because of things we have seen.
Father, there is a freshness coming back to that.
Restore the old things.
Fix the hurting hearts.
Nothing's too damaged that you can't fix it.
Lord, I've seen a lot of people go through a lot and you fix marriages that are really on rocky soil.
And I thank you, Lord, as far as this goes.
Nothing's impossible to him who believes.
I thank you for Barron.
I thank you for Tiffany, for Ivanka, for Don Jr.
, for Eric.
I bless them, Father, in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well.
Father, I thank you for his Kai, for his granddaughter, for all his grandkids, but especially this one.
Father, that there's something about this young woman, Lord, that you bring her before me to pray for her.
And I ask you, Father, to make her a voice piece for you, that you protect her.
You protect her going to school.
You protect her wherever she's at.
Father, you protect this young woman that no weapon formed against her shall prosper.
Father, I pray over Don Jr.
and over Eric and over the business endeavors that the blessing of the Lord is on it that you said you're going to double and you're going to triple the Trumps and you're going to restore back the wealth that was lost through the last administration and all of the frivolous lawsuits that were stupid.
I thank you, Father, that everything is restored back and I thank you, Lord, that the blessing is on it and Father, we thank you, Lord, for the leadership that's over this nation and over JD Vance.
Lord, there's a lot of prayer that needs to go there for what I have seen but Father, for whoever is supposed to be in the presidency next time, I thank you, Lord, that you bring them up and you'll remove the ones that don't need to be.
Father, I pray over Marco Rubio.
I lift him up before you right now in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that he would have a backbone like a crowbar.
And if he's supposed to run for president in 2028, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you'll be bold about it and he will not shy away.
That Father, you'll visit him, that you'll visit him, that you'll visit Marco Rubio.
Lord, I thank you, Lord, that you'll use who you want and whoever's supposed if you tarry and we're still here that you'll bring in the one that you want.
And Father, I keep seeing Marco Rubio's face before me.
And I pray for him, not JD Vance.
I thank you, Father, for Marco Rubio that you bless him.
You say, "You trying to get political, Brandon?
" No.
I tell you what I see in visions.
I pray over this man.
Certain people are lizards.
Certain people aren't.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you will get rid of the ones that are not supposed to be in power.
They won't have political funding or backing and people will look at it and say, "We can see right through your mess.
You're deep state.
You are not right.
" There won't be no Monica Lewinsky scandals up in our White House again.
There won't be no Marilyn Monroe scandals up in our White House again.
We're going to have everything all cleaned up right here.
And Father, you'll bring in the people that need to be there and you'll expose the darkness for what it is.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect our president and that you keep him right before you.
That the thousand shall fall beside his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
I thank you, Father, that you protect our homeland security.
You give our leaders over homeland security wisdom.
You keep our FBI and the leaders over the FBI, right?
And Father, you keep our NSA, right?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hand is on this nation and our marines, our navy, our men and women of service, our army, space force, whatever.
I thank you, Father, that every single branch of the military, Father, our leaders in the military are wise and they're giving President Trump godly counsel of what they're supposed to be doing.
And if you say push the button against Iran, we thank you, Lord, that the Ayatollah Committee is removed in the name of Jesus and that they raise up a better leader for the Iranian people.
And Russia stands down and China stands down.
It's about oil anyway.
Now, Father, they'll liberate a tyrant government like it is with this community.
He's an evil man.
His days are numbered.
And I ask you, Father, to remove this man so there'll be peace for a revival in Iran.
I know Ezekiel 38 and 39 is about to take place, but you don't want that anyone should perish, Father.
Even the Iranian people, the Iraqi people, the Afghanistan people, Pakistanis, all of them.
We ask, Father, for a major revival all throughout the Middle East, for a Holy Ghost and fire revival, all throughout South America, all throughout Africa, all throughout Asia, all throughout Europe, all throughout Canada and Australia and America, all of it.
Father, we're calling for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
We're calling in the glory of the Lord over our churches, over our pastors, over the prophets, over the teachers, the evangelists, the apostles.
We call in the greatest move of God we've ever seen.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're cleansing the house right now.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're raising up new leaders, the ones that don't stand in the way that, Father, that say, "Let the spirit of the Lord move in my congregation.
" Thank you, Father, that Kim Jong-un is being dealt with.
That there's a move of God moving all throughout North Korea.
That the people of South Korea have a move of God.
That they will not fall to communism.
That they rise up and their leaders would rise up and that that demonic spirit of communism would not come and infiltrate their nation, but they rise up in the name of Jesus and resist that.
We say we will not be a nation that's communist.
We will not be a nation that has an iron curtain, but we will be a nation that prays, a nation that's filled with and has the Holy Ghost with fire of tongues, healings, and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory all throughout South Korea, all throughout Taiwan, all throughout Asia.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that even Japan shakes in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're dealing with Carney and you're dealing with what's going on right now.
I see it right now.
Bad laws are trying to be passed for persecution of the church in Europe, in France, concerning your right of speech, coming against what they call hate speech, just speaking and decreeing, decreeing what the Bible says is hate speech.
Father, I thank you Lord for a shaking of these leaders.
That Father that righteousness and truth will prevail.
That the glorious church will rise up.
Father, Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We give you praise and glory.
Father, I thank you.
Now, I'm not going to get in a hurry.
I'm going to sit here and listen.
Oh, Father, we beseech.
I see Garlinghouse.
I see things at a table, at a brown table.
I see table.
I see chairs.
And I see the decision is rice paper thin.
The new digital age, the new crypto, the backing of this new law is rice paper thin from happening.
It's surrounded by black and it's surrounded by what is rice paper, but it's symbolic.
The outlining of this thing is black as onyx as the embroidery around this paper.
It has a black thin layer that looks as black as my son's color chart.
Can I show that?
Yeah.
You see that?
There's a this is how black this is on this rice paper thin sheet that is all around this.
It's like a tissue.
This is what it looks like.
It's symbolic.
And it's at a table that is brown and it's a long conference table.
I see banks in the background.
I see great banks in the background with glass fronts.
And this is a new digital age.
A clarity.
I hear the word, a clarity.
This is about clarity.
And this is rice paper thin from happening.
And this will bring the clarity that you're looking for for a rocket ship to take off.
But it has restraints.
It has a rope around it.
There's a rope around the rocket.
It won't be able to take off as much as what you think.
It has a rope around it.
This is a three-stranded cord and it's wrapped like twine like it's wrapped around the rocket's base where it tried to take off.
It's hooked to the base of a man.
It's trying to take off, but there's a rope wrapped around it and the bank is trying to hold it down.
The bankers are trying to hold the rocket down from going.
So we'll allow it to fly but underneath our control.
We will allow it to fly but as a kite by these bankers.
And they have a string that brings clarity.
It's rice paper thin, but this thing look like, you know, whenever you see the rocket has its little tears and it looks like that.
It looks like one of those model rockets and it goes up.
It's white.
The rocket's white, the flames red, and there's colors on these fins, but it's attached to looks like a copper cord that's wrapped around this rocket that's held down by these bankers.
And they're smiling on their face and thinking they won.
But the rocket is pushing as hard as it could trying to go above, but they are trying to hold it back.
Yeah, they'll try to hold back the rocket today.
They'll try to hold back the rocket, but they'll settle with it because they have got clarity.
We're looking for the clarity and we'll settle with clarity.
We'll settle just to have clarity.
I see them having, say, clarity.
Garlinghouse, we'll settle with that.
We can run with that.
We just need a foundation.
We have foundation.
But the rope they think, 'Well, we won.
We've put a leash around it.
' And it's trying to take off and it shoots up really fast, but it has a rope to it and they try to grab a hold of it.
Jamie Dimon.
You know that man?
He has a hold of it.
Who are those other two men by him?
Can you show me his face, baby, on your phone?
I need to see his face.
Is that right, Jamie Dimon?
It's what I hear.
Yep.
That's him.
Yeah.
JP Morgan, huh?
You're holding it.
Who's over Bank of America?
Who's over Wells Fargo?
Three men.
Three men holding the rocket hostage.
Holding the rocket hostage.
And when the rocket shoots up, they try to pull it down.
That's what the Lord said.
But they said we just want clarity.
Give us something.
We'll run with this.
I hear it.
And that's what's about to happen.
You'll see this soon.
It's coming very, very close.
It's rice paper thin, but it has a black edge.
The Lord said it has a black edge.
What's the black edge, Lord?
It's on a table.
This is so close.
It's so close to some of you.
How do we make them let it go?
The Lord said, you just don't realize how high that rocket is, what you're seeing.
Hold on to it.
It's to control.
They don't want to lose control.
You see, Braden, you pulling?
Do you hear what I'm saying to you?
Your mama's not here.
It's to lose control.
Oh, but it's not just about them.
It's about the foreign once the foundation is laid.
Oh, I see it.
What's the foundation and clarity?
Because America runs Japan.
The sooners, they want to try to jump on too.
You jump on too.
It's about bringing clarity.
As America's banking goes, so does the world.
Do you see?
There's so much financial corruption.
But a digital age, a digital new frontier.
And this will be backed by AI and eventually they'll lose control.
It's to lose control.
It's being stuck in the old way of thinking.
It's stuck in the old way of doing things before.
It's regulation.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I'm just trying to figure out what that is.
I'm seeing it right now.
That rope.
It looks like some kind of copper.
And I see him offering it in their banks.
I see the king coin.
I'm not going to name coins.
I see a coin being offered at these banks for investments.
It's almost like when you say this is part of our program, we'll offer this to you if you want to do that.
It becomes more friendly.
That's all I'm going to say about that.
I'm not touching it because I do not give investment advice.
I'm just telling you what I see in a vision.
Now it could be you say, 'Well, Brandon, that's completely off.
' Well, you know what?
We're human.
But I feel the glory and that's what I'm trying to tell you.
What I see today, what I feel like the Holy Spirit is showing me.
I don't give investment advice.
I stand by what I see though.
What I feel the Lord has told me when it comes to things like this.
And he's showing it for a reason for us to pray over it.
Oh Father, we thank you.
What's interesting is it goes from here and I see Europe and Europe scrambles as clarity is brought.
Europe scrambles for their own thing.
I see Macron.
I see England.
I see France right there.
I see France and Macron.
England.
Italy.
And they're scrambling.
Germany.
They scramble clarity in our own, the EU clarity to jump on board.
Oh, there's so much here.
I see.
What do I do with that Lord?
All this and even in Saudi Arabia with the oil guys, with these big businessmen.
Man, all hidden things be revealed.
All hidden things be revealed.
Now this is very interesting.
Out of a coin laying on the ground like you see it like this.
There's a whole bunch of coins and they're all like this.
I saw a devil crop out of it.
It looked like a demon that pulled himself up out of that coin.
He started running.
It looked like a certain coin, but a demon came up out of it.
All of it was gold.
Trying to back things by gold.
Trying to back things by precious metals.
What backs it?
What's its function?
Backed by gold, backed by this.
But I saw it was on this golden thing and a demon came up right out of the middle of this coin.
It looked like Lilo and Stitch, you know, like that thing from Disney.
It looked like that little character.
It came up out of it and grabbed a hold of its edges and pulled himself up out of it.
I see great blessing coming on Israel.
I see great blessing coming on Israel on their agriculture.
I see it again.
I see blessing on Israel.
What are all these spiders?
I see spiders.
What is that?
The Lord said that what you're seeing is drones.
A new tech boom.
They're spider drones.
This is a new AI using this for weapons.
I see spiders that are transparent, but their belly the spiders are moving.
Am I saying something too much, Lord?
I thought I'd be still.
I cannot say nothing else.
I'm sorry.
More shipping.
I can say this: advanced technological breakthroughs concerning different kind of warfare, even in the water.
Aquatic things on both countries.
Advanced AI warfare, not just cyber.
I think I can say this.
Do you know how the stealth is not detectable by radar?
Isn't that amazing?
But what if you couldn't see something and it's there?
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I've said too much tonight.
I don't want to get myself in trouble, but the anointing is here, and I love to pull on it, and I can see.
Sometimes it takes me a little longer to get over there.
And when I'm there, I like to camp there because I start seeing technological things and things that I'll tell Braden, our governments are a lot smarter than what people realize, and our defense departments are a lot smarter than people realize.
When President Trump says we have weapons that people don't know about, it's on a deeper level than anybody will ever comprehend.
AI has taken us to a different dimension.
And it's not just ChatGPT.
People don't.
It's not just ChatGPT or what was the other one?
Gemini.
Those are jokes.
That's old school stuff.
There's something so much more.
Quantum computing beyond your or my wildest dreams.
And Israel is a lot smarter than what people realize.
They have far more advanced technological advancement than anybody realizes.
And I even believe that's smarter than even what America knows.
You're going to start to see cures for things.
Cures for things that have been a plague to society as you embrace this new AI race.
They'll get you to trust it with cures.
They have to get you to let your guard down.
It's the beast system.
It's your friend.
Remember though, everybody will say it's our friend.
It's not your friend.
There's demons coming up out of coins.
The main thing behind AI and the digital writing was a demon.
Remember that?
I said it came out with horns and it formed right before me and it was a demon.
Do not trust it.
Do harness it.
Don't embrace it.
As the Lord said, harness it, don't embrace it, Brandon.
Father, we just love you.
At the edge of a new space race.
At the edge of a new real space race, like Star Wars, man.
I see a rock coming.
I see a massive boulder and it's coming.
It's a massive rock and in this rock there's layers of light.
There's gold around it.
When I come up and I come up out of here, I could see this rock coming over there.
How do you give direction?
I see the rock over there.
I see a log in the middle of this thing that is split.
I see an actual log.
Wood.
Yep.
It's a log that is split.
The log is glowing.
It almost looks like you know how you see the rings in it.
It's metaphor.
It has to be what he's saying is wormwood.
Wood wormwood.
It's a play on words.
It's not an actual log.
Wormwood.
It's Apophis.
This is that rock.
I can tell you where it's at.
I see the direction it's coming from and where it's at.
All you have to do is go up and out that way.
It's that way.
I go up and out that way and it's coming this way.
And it's big.
And it's glowing.
It's out that way.
It's like I could see it in the vision.
I could almost grab a hold of it.
It's very spooky looking.
We're so close to Jesus coming.
We're so close to things coming.
Shakings, revelation coming alive.
The book of Revelation is going to come alive.
The book of Revelation is coming alive.
The pages of Revelation are coming alive.
Oh, from Ezekiel 38 and 39 coming alive.
We're about to see the things of the Bible come alive.
Revelation.
Isn't that amazing?
We're seeing it come alive right off the pages in front of our eyes.
Things that we've read about, things our great grandmas and grandpas have read about are all coming alive right in front of us.
The pages of the Bible.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you that you said it would be our generation that will not taste death.
That our generation will not taste death.
Oh, Father, that you're coming in our time.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
We fear you, not man.
We fear you, Lord, not man.
We fear you, God, not man.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We fear you, Lord, not man.
Give us boldness.
Give us boldness as the day approaches.
A fire in our bellies, Father.
Let us walk in the greatest authority.
On a softer level, you'll see these storms again.
These storms, I see the storms.
For the weather with manipulation and weather modification trying to control the storms, they will lose control.
Remember the hail bigger than you've ever seen before.
Straight line winds bigger than you've ever seen before.
Tornadoes bigger than you've ever seen before.
As they try to control they will lose control.
I see fires.
I see fires on the land from drought.
Many, many fires.
Many mountains on fire.
The mountains are on fire.
It's the coastal land.
It's the coast, the coast to coast and the coastal message.
It's the volcano and it's all in Italy.
You understand?
The coast.
They'll try again.
I see the Vatican.
They'll try again to become relevant.
A shaking, relevant.
They'll try to be relevant.
I see Green.
I see great shaking coming to Italy.
Italy.
Shaking, shaken with great earthquakes.
Great shaking in Italy.
Great shaking.
And it will shake the Vatican so much.
I'm telling you, it's going to ruin the structure at Vatican City.
The walls will crack.
Saturday.
He will shake Rome.
It's the law.
An active summer.
What does it mean to be an active summer?
It will be a very active summer on all fronts.
It's around July.
Praying over our intelligence for an uncovering of secret attacks, to uncover all planned secret attacks.
Now March, April, May, June, and over our churches' Easter services.
Every single one of them protected.
Thank you, Lord, for everything that you have in store.
I see the trains and the boxcars again.
Father, I see every single plan concerning this nation and the cartel being uncovered, every single one of them exposing.
Thank you, Father.
It's amazing how many things I just bounced around.
I could see asteroids; I could see the uncovering of plots against our nation again.
It was so clear.
I saw what looked like a black cloak trying to hide this agenda, but I saw the Santa Fe Railroad again.
I saw boxcars and planned things with traveling boxcars.
I saw America and it felt like 9/11 again.
Praying over our elections, praying over the summer, praying over President Trump to have wisdom for the 250th Sestercentennial celebration.
Praying over his life, praying for safety.
He's okay.
Protect him, Father, today.
Thank you, Father, for watching over our president.
In the name of Jesus, we lift him up before you.
Well, I've kept you all a long time tonight.
And it's like Brother Hagin says, sometimes you just have to unhook.
I don't know what to do with it because I could keep praying into this for a long time at 2 hours and 36 minutes.
Every single plot concerning the safety of our families uncovered.
Retaliation.
And the gecko would, Father, lose his voice.
He would not manipulate and influence his decisions anymore; the gecko would not manipulate Trump's decisions anymore by putting the seeds in his mind to go certain directions, because behind the gecko is the deep state and they don't even know it.
Thank you, Father, for your hand.
Raise up men and women around President Trump that take no counsel from the ungodly.
Only listen to you and your voice, oh Father, to be led by the Spirit, and America will remain strong.
We have a season; I ask you, Father, for our season in the name of Jesus.
You know, I don't ever want to close a broadcast without giving you the opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
If I did anything else tonight and I don't do this, I've missed it.
You may be here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ.
You think all this is weird.
Well, to the natural man, he perceiveth not the things of God.
You need to become born again.
You need to sell out.
You need to ask Jesus to forgive you of your sins.
You may be here tonight and you've never asked Jesus into your life, but it's the best thing I've ever done.
Or you could be here tonight and you're backsliding.
You used to be on fire for the Lord.
You used to be sold out.
You used to have such a relationship with him.
And over the course of time, you've let your heart slip a little bit.
You went back to the sin—the very sin that you said you were forgiven of.
You practice every day messing around doing things.
But tonight, you might be here and you say, 'Brandon, could you just pray for me to have a fresh, clean start?
' That's what we're here for.
We want to pray for you.
The moment you confess your sins is not when the Lord found out about them; it's when you got rid of them.
I want you to get real with God tonight and say, 'Jesus, I want to sell out.
I want to come home.
I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
I don't want to go to hell.
' You say, 'Well, Brandon, I may have more time.
' No one's promised tomorrow, son.
No one's promised tomorrow, daughter.
I'm going to tell you the truth.
You could die on the way to work tomorrow.
You could die in your sleep.
You need today.
Today is the day of salvation.
Right now.
This could be your last opportunity.
I'm trying to shake you to reality that there's many people that thought they had tomorrow.
Statistically, I think they say 170,000 or 175,000 people a day die around the world.
I wonder how many of them thought they had tomorrow, but they died today on the way to work or on the way home—174,000 average.
When is our number up?
We don't know.
I pray every day that he protects me.
I pray every day that with long life he satisfies me and I believe it.
But don't gamble with your eternity if you don't know him.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that to judgment.
If you're here tonight, even if there's just one of you, he leaves the 99 to go after the one.
You say to me, 'Brandon, I just want to make sure I'm right with the Lord.
I just want to make sure I'm all in.
' I want to say a simple prayer with you.
You have to mean it with your heart.
First you have to believe that he is.
And I believe if right now you feel that tugging on your heart, that's the Holy Spirit.
No man comes to the Father unless he's calling him.
He's calling you right now.
So I'm going to say a simple prayer.
Say it with me.
'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner and I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to forgive me of all my unrighteousness.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all my heart.
I'll make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord.
I'm sold out to you right now.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free from my sin.
Thank you, Lord, that today is a fresh, clean start.
I dedicate my life to you, Lord.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
I'll be a light for you in the darkness, a light that shines bright everywhere I go.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you from this day forward, Lord.
I'll be with you in paradise if I was to die.
Thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
' I believe it's just a simple prayer.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
And I believe the moment you did that, as far as the east is from the west, he doesn't remember it anymore.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, what do I do now?
' You find a Bible-believing, non-denominational church.
Get a Bible and read your Bible every single day.
Pray with us.
Get plugged into a local church wherever you are in your area.
Find a non-denominational church.
Go there and tell them, "Listen, I just got born again watching a YouTube video.
I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Go to church on Sundays and Wednesdays, whenever they have the doors open.
Learn about Christianity and listen to that preacher.
Get filled up with the word of God; it will change you from the inside out.
I'm telling you.
You say, "Well, that old book.
" Oh, no.
This book is alive, and the more you read it, it will change you.
You've got to get this word down inside of you.
Now, if you don't have a Bible, I want to buy you your first Bible.
If you just got born again tonight through our ministry here, we want to buy you your first Bible.
That's what my wife's working on right now: getting the Bibles out to people.
You have to give us your address.
You can't just email me and say, "Hey, I got saved.
" I have to know who you are, where you come from, and how I can send you your Bible.
And so, we will send you a Bible if you tell us your address.
There's a lot.
Diana goes, "Brandon, there's so many emails where they just tell me, 'Hey, I got saved,' and they have their name.
" You've got to tell me your address.
You've got to say, "Hey, I live at this place.
" We won't bother you ever again.
We're not here to solicit you.
We'll never ask you for a dime.
Our heart is always to give and just to tell you Jesus loves you and He has a plan for your life.
Now, we have places down there if you feel led to do things—that's on you—but I'm never going to ask you for anything.
Never.
Now, there are people that say, "Brandon, I want to be a blessing to you because I'd like to give you a coffee or something.
" That's because God led you to.
Like I said, I've never asked for anything on here and never will.
So if you have somebody saying, "Hey, I'm asking you for something," they're a liar.
We've never done it and we will never do it.
Freely we've been given, and freely we give.
We love you and we pray for you.
Now, there are scammers out there trying to make my voice say AI things.
I'm not saying some of the stuff they're saying; they have AI using my voice.
These are scammers.
If it's not on my YouTube channel, do not follow it.
We're taking these people down as best as we can.
We have new scammers coming up every single day copying my videos, and some of them have 100,000 or 150,000 views.
And it's not me.
Some of you go, "Brandon, you're over here saying this.
" I say, "I never said any of that.
" If it's not on my channel, it is not in the description.
My X account, my Instagram, my Facebook—all of it is in the description below.
Click those links and you won't be scammed by impersonators.
Don't donate any money to them.
I don't ask you for a dime for crypto; I don't give advice—none of this stuff.
They are ripping people off and I'm just trying to protect you.
Everything is in the link description below.
That's how you get a hold of me, my email, everything.
And we just want to love on y'all.
God bless you for coming tonight.
All 55 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
There'll be many more throughout the week, however long they watch this video until it goes dead in the algorithm.
I always laugh about it because it only takes about two or three days and they start to die.
YouTube only promotes it for as long as you like and comment on it.
It's the likes and the comments that keep it alive in the algorithm.
After about two or three weeks, it's dead.
So, hopefully the message got out for whoever needed it, and then we bring it back with shorts and stuff.
It's work, but we're so thankful for every single one of you that came tonight.
We had 7,900 people here right now—unless a lot of you left during the altar call—but we love y'all.
We're so excited that you come out and pray with us every time.
It's such a blessing.
I believe many hands make light work.
Isn't it wonderful?
Jesus is wonderful, and we give all the glory to Him.
We attract to deflect.
I say it again, like sister Kathryn Kuhlman would say, "I didn't use Him; He uses me.
" I'm just a vessel, and He could use any one of you.
I'm just a person just like you are.
I'm so thankful that He would use me today.
We love y'all.
Thank you for coming out.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.